Hi again.

Today we'll be doing another CTF from TryHackMe called "Daily Bugle"

Its difficulty is ranked as "hard" , but that shouldn't scare us away , so lets give it a shot.

As per usual, I add the IP of the machine to my hosts file for easier tracking.

-----"Access the web server, who robbed the bank?"

We access the web server and see a blog-type site called "Daily Bugle"

The only post we see is titled "Spider-Man robs bank!" , so the answer to our question is "SpiderMan"

-----"What is the Joomla version?"

Recon is key as always, and Google is our best friend.

I quickly found a website explaining how to find the version of any joomla website.

I tried every method mentioned in the article and found that this template "http://www.[thejoomlawebsite].com/administrator/manifests/files/joomla.xml" works for us. 

The answer being , 3.7.0

-----"What is Jonah's cracked password?" 

I searched if this service has any known vulnerabilities, and I got lucky.

I found that it is indeed vulnerable to SQLI

TryHackMe recommends we use a python script (as suggested by a hint)

We found a nice one on github.

And we got a user jonah, an email, and a hashed password.

Lets find what type of hash it is. I searched the first four characters "$2y$", and found it is a bcrypt hash.

Lets crak it using JTR (John the Ripper or just John)

We put the hash in a file and start the proccess, the syntax should look something like this

"john hash.txt --wordlist=rockyou.txt --format=bcrypt"

And we got our password "spiderman123"

Lets login onto the Administrator Panel

My first idea is, We should try and edit a template, and change it to a php reverse shell.

A very good Php shell is pentestmonkey's shell you can find on github.

We upload it, try and access the template we just modified aaaand we got a revers shell

(dont forget to start a netcat listener;)

We now need to escalate our privileges.

Found a user jjameson in the home directory

Tried to access it but we dont have the permission

Ran sudo -l to see if we can run any commands as root but no success.

My gut tells me we should look at the website directory (found at /var/www/html)

configuration.php looks interesting, let's check it out

And we found a password, nice! Let's try it on the jjameson account

Nice, we got in and found the first flag.

Lets get root now.

As always, i ran "sudo -l" and found we can run "yum" as root

We access GTFOBINS (great website btw)

And search for yum.

Great, we found a way to gain root, lets try it out.

And we gained root, let's grab that flag



Thanks for sticking by, this was fun, see yall later ^^





